README.md, before:

The is the playa project which implements an API with documentation for a datastore microservice called "Beach", data specification for JSON objects in Beach, and internal resources necessary to configure and maintain the server. It also contains documentation and resources for configuring and running a swarm of simulated "Party" clients that request and store data in Beach, process and act within received parameters autonomously, and additionally send secondary behavioral data that can spawn dynamic "Vibe" microservices to run alongside Beach.

Choosing a distributed architecture to run this simulation allows 3 possible avenues for observing its activity:
1) a GUI for representing and monitoring the effects of responses for individual clients
	- One interesting format would be a live dashboard with tiles for each client displaying attributes, updating position and interaction data in response to Beach/Vibe(s), as well as internal behavioral indicators
2) a suite of system dynamics tools that can analyze API data across the entire application to model high-level stock  and flow variables, and observe emergent feedback processes and nonlinearities in the system
	- A probable template for this would be the Agent-Base Model, but the data could easily fit the pattern of other modern SD frameworks if there are available libraries
3) application, infra and network monitoring to optimize the backend for: efficient multithread/channel scheduling by the compiler or runtime, platform speed and stability with different configurations, data security and API service quality using different routing methods within the application and different load balancing and orchestration infrastructure on the operations side

Commit message:

Updated readme with clarification on API services and data format

README.md, after:

The is the playa project which implements an API with documentation for a central datastore microservice called "Beach", Protocol buffer specifying message data format between services, and internal resources necessary to configure and maintain the server. It also contains documentation and resources for configuring and running a swarm of simulated "Party" user services that request and store data in Beach, process and operate on received data autonomously within central Beach parameters, and additionally create optional behavioral data objects on the server which can spawn dynamic "Vibe" microservices that run alongside Beach and interact independently with users.

Choosing a distributed architecture to run this simulation allows 3 possible avenues for observing its activity:
1) a GUI for representing and monitoring the effects of responses for individual clients
	- One interesting format would be a live dashboard displaying client service data, including user attributes, updating position and interaction data in response to Beach/Vibe(s), as well as internal behavioral indicators 
2) a suite of system dynamics tools that can analyze API data across the entire application to model high-level stock  and flow variables, and observe emergent feedback processes and nonlinearities in the system
	- A probable template for this would be the Agent-Base Model, but the data could easily fit the pattern of other modern SD frameworks if there are available libraries
3) application, infra and network monitoring to optimize the backend for: efficient multithread/channel scheduling by the compiler or runtime, platform speed and stability with different configurations, data security and API service quality using different routing methods within the application and different load balancing and orchestration infrastructure on the operations side
